
Average Household Expenditures by Major Category

Look at the highlighted phrases. Choose the phrase which sounds more formal.The two pie charts give information about
	what households spent their 
	money on / household expenditure on goods and services in 1950 and 2010. 
	It is immediately obvious that
	there are some quite significant 
	differences / some things are significantly different between the two charts.
	In 2010 the largest proportion 
	of expenditure was / most money was spent on food whereas in 1950 it was 
	on housing, with food for just 11.2%. There is a great difference in terms of
	the amount of money people’s 
	spent on housing / housing expenditure between the two years. In 1950 72.1% 
	of the total household 
	budget / the total of what households spent went towards housing, compared 
	to only 22% in 2010.
There has been a notable 
	increase in / People have notably increased the amount of money spent on 
	transportation between the two dates. In addition, the charts show
	a significant rise in the 
	proportion of money spent on health care / that people spent more on health care 
	in 2010 compared to 1950.
	There are some similarities, however. For example, in both 1950 and 2010
	people spent a similar 
	proportion on education. / the proportion of education expenditure was roughly the 
	same.CHECK ANSWERSThe reading, writing and listening practice tests on this website have been designed to resemble the format of the IELTS test as closely as possible. They are not, however, real IELTS tests; they are designed to practise exam technique to help students to face the IELTS test with confidence and to perform to the best of their ability.While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.Dear readers,This is to inform you that we have moved to a new domain, https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/.Our old domain, https://www.ielts-exam.net/ will remain active till the time we migrate all our content to the new domain.We look forward to your continuing support.