

Fill in the gaps in the model answer.The charts give information about the 
	genres of TV programmes that Australian men and women and different age groups watch. 
	It is clear from the charts that women tend to watch
	 television than man overall, 
	although they watch slightly  
	game shows. The people who watch the  
	television are in the 45+ age group.
	Nearly 70% of women watch reality shows, which is almost
	 as many as the 
	percentage 
	of men who choose this genre of programme. Nevertheless, most age groups watch
	 reality shows than game 
	shows revealing that game shows are generally
	 popular than reality 
	shows.
	The percentage of people watching reality shows increases steadily from ages 16 to 45 
	with the  percentage 
	of viewers, at just over 50% of the age group 16-24 and the
	 percentage, at 68% of the over-45s.
	However, the pattern is different for game shows. The number of programmes watched 
	by 25- to 44-year-olds is  
	lower than the number watched by 16- to 24-year-olds and those over 45. Just over 
	50% of 16- to 24-year-olds watch game shows, but this share is not
	 high as the share of 
	people aged 45 and over watching game shows, at nearly 70%. Only 41% of 35- to 44-year-olds 
	watch game shows, and the share of 24- to 34-year-olds is
	 lower at 38%.CHECK ANSWERSThe reading, writing and listening practice tests on this website have been designed to resemble the format of the IELTS test as closely as possible. They are not, however, real IELTS tests; they are designed to practise exam technique to help students to face the IELTS test with confidence and to perform to the best of their ability.While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.Dear readers,This is to inform you that we have moved to a new domain, https://www.ielts-writing.info/EXAM/.Our old domain, https://www.ielts-exam.net/ will remain active till the time we migrate all our content to the new domain.We look forward to your continuing support.